{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset129 AppleMyungjo;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AMATH 422/522 Final Project Report\
\
Self-evaluation.  Please write 2 sentences for each question below.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Did you contribute meaningfully to group discussions on project selection, and if so how?\
\

\f1 Yes, I created a google sheet to list out all the potential project topics. I included papers related to population models and biological selection model in trading card games.
\f0 \
\
Did you contribute meaningfully to project planning and/or design of \'93next step\'94 and if so how?\
\
Yes, I redesigned all the slides for the case study presentations. I created all the slides for the final presentation. I talked with my teammate after almost every class to discuss and plan what to finish in that week.\
\
Did you contribute meaningfully to project execution and if so how?\
\
Yes, I coded everything in the power spectrum analysis part. Also, I ran the simulation to test our novel question. \
\
 Did you contribute meaningfully to project writeup and if so how?\
\
Yes, I suggested to use Overleaf to write the paper. I wrote the abstract, model description, and reproduction parts. I designed the structure of the paper.\
\
}